BP-5296: Adds VitePress developer portal pages (#22)
certifaction/cli: docs/guides/getting-started-cli.md

---
title: Getting Started with the CLI
---

# Getting Started with the CLI

In this section, you sign your first document in a few steps:

[[toc]]

## Step 1: Generate an API token

> If you have not created a Certifaction account yet, please create in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have not created a Certifaction account yet, please create one at
```
